BISON
Almost hunted to extinction in the 1800’s but has since recovered, largely due to the commercial raising them for their meat.
DOLPHIN
Highly intelligent animals who also very social – they will help sick or injured members of their pod come to the surface for air and can even switch between pods.
EAGLE
Bald _______
PONY
A small horse but, contrary to popular thought, is not a baby or young horse. These horses likely developed their shorter legs, thicker manes, and smaller statures due to living on the fringes of livable horse habitat.
APE
The easiest way to differentiatethem from monkies is to look at their backside: they have no tails. Their branch of the family in Africa is mostly threatened today due to the Ebola virus.
LOBSTER
Can live up to 70 years old. Unlike us humans, they don’t slow down or become weaker with age; they likely even become more fertile as they grow older.
MONKEY
distinguishable from other primates by their tails and dry noses. 
COW
Sacred to Hindus, they are one of the most common types of livestock in the world. Bulls and other cattle are commonly thought to be angered by the colour red, however cattle are red-green colour-blind and can’t distinguish the colour. The rustling of a matador’s cape leads bulls to charge.
DEER
Native to all continents except Australia and Antarctica, they is widespread except in Africa where there is only one indigenous species: the Barbary stag. 
DUCK
The feathered birds inhabiting much of our waterways, they are, in most cases, monogamous but only for a year – after the young are grown the couple often splits. Their name originates from the Old English word *duce meaning “diver”.
RABBIT
Different from hares which are larger, have longer ears, and are born hairy and with good eyesight.
SPIDER
Turn away now if you have arachnophobia; there are over 43,000 species of them known today and, out of all these, we only know of one which is herbivorous.
GRAY WOLF
Different from other Canis members largely due to its more outgoing and expressive demeanor.
TURKEY
A common sight on American and Canadian Thanksgiving tables, this bird was actually named after the country. 
LION
Until about 10,000 years ago, this animal was a much more popular animal around the world – after humans, they were the most widespread large land mammal in the world.
PIG
The top trending animal in 2014, they are highly intelligent and social animals and increasingly becoming a more common house pet. When raised for their meat, they make up 38% of worldwide meat production.
SNAKE
Often seen as creatures to fear – maybe this comes from their presence on every continent except Antarctica and a few notable exceptions of Ireland, New Zealand, and some other islands. 
SHARK
Despite being billed as one of the most terrifying creatures on the planet, this animal is a predator but is responsible for considerably few human deaths – only 4.3 on average annually. More dangerous animals include cows and horses which each kill 20 people in the U.S. alone every year. 
BIRD
One of the most common animals on the Earth today. Since the 1600’s, almost 130 species have gone extinct due to humans.
BEAR
A mostly solitary animal besides when courting or with young.
FISH
This animal has more species diversity (at 32,000 different species) than any other vertebrate animal. They also show great diversity in size.
CHICKEN
Widely raised for their meat that they outnumber any other bird species – today there are over 24 billion of these cluckers globally.
HORSE
Used for millennia in war and labor, this animal originally had multiple toes (about 50 million years of evolution back).
CAT
The most popular pet in the world. Beyond being excellent companions, this animal can see in near-darkness, making them top-notch hunters.
DOG
Though only 17-24% of them are domesticated pets, their population is estimated as high as 1 billion.