ACURA
the luxury vehicle marque of Japanese automaker Honda. The brand was launched in the United States and Canada in March 1986, marketing luxury, performance, and high-performance vehicles.
ALFA ROMEO
an Italian car manufacturer involved in car racing since 1911.
ALPINE
a French manufacturer of racing and sports cars that use rear-mounted Renault engines.
AMUZA
an Australian automotive company which exhibited its Ford Falcon-based stretch limo at the 2003 Tokyo Auto Salon.
ANTEROS
an American sports car manufacturer based in California. Based on the C6 Corvette and produces 500+ supercharged horsepower.
ARASH
The company developed the Farboud GTS in 2003
ARIEL
a low-volume performance motor vehicle manufacturing company in Crewkerne, in Somerset, England.
ASCARI
a British automobile manufacturer that is based in Banbury, England, and founded by Dutch millionaire Klaas Zwart.
ASTON MARTIN
a British manufacturer of luxury sports cars and grand tourers. It was founded in 1913 by Lionel Martin and Robert Bamford.
AUDI
a German automobile manufacturer that designs, engineers, produces, markets and distributes luxury vehicles.
BAJAJ
an Indian two-wheeler and three-wheeler manufacturing company. Manufactures and sells motorcycles, scooters and auto rickshaws.
BENTLEY
a British registered company that designs, develops, and manufactures luxury motorcars which are largely hand-built. It is a subsidiary of Volkswagen AG.
BMW
a German luxury vehicles, motorcycle, and engine manufacturing company founded in 1916. Headquartered in Munich, Bavaria, Germany, it also owns and produces Mini cars and serves as the parent company of Rolls-Royce Motor Cars.
BOLWELL
an Australian company that originally produced sports cars between 1962 and 1979. A new company of the same name began production of new cars in 2009 after several years of concept and show cars.
BRISTOL
a manufacturer of hand-built luxury cars headquartered in Kensington, London, United Kingdom.
BUGATTI
a French high-performance luxury automobiles manufacturer and a subsidiary of Volkswagen AG, with its head office and assembly plant in Molsheim, Alsace, France. 
BUICK
For much of its existence in the North American market, it has been marketed as a premium automobile brand, selling luxury vehicles positioned above GM's mainstream brands
CADILLAC
a division of U.S.-based General Motors (GM) that markets luxury vehicles worldwide. Historically, their automobiles have always held a place at the top of the luxury field within the United States.
CHEVROLET
an American automobile division of the American manufacturer General Motors (GM). They produce and sell a wide range of vehicles, from subcompact automobiles to medium-duty commercial trucks.
CHEVRON
It is based in Massey, Auckland and manufactures three different models, with the Aprisa and Cypher competing in New Zealand sports car racing.
CHRYSLER
an American car brand and the longstanding premium marque of automaker FCA US LLC. 
CONNAUGHT
a manufacturer of high performance cars. Car Models: Type-D Syracuse & Type-D Hybrid
DAEWOO
appeared in the UK in 1995. At the time, it was the only manufacturer not using traditional dealerships – it owned and operated its own retail network. It was once considered to be among the top 10 motor companies in terms of production.
DE LA CHAPELLE
a French independent car builder. In 1998 they created the Roadster, their second own creation.
DEVON
a Los Angeles, California-based industrial design house, currently specializing in the development of premium lifestyle products.
DODGE
an American brand of cars, minivans, and sport utility vehicles. Thier vehicles presently include the lower-priced badge variants of Chrysler-badged vehicles as well as performance cars
EAGLE
a marque of the Chrysler Corporation following the purchase of American Motors Corporation (AMC) and aimed at the enthusiast driver.
ELFIN
an Australian manufacturer of sports cars and motor racing cars since 1957.
EMGRAND
is an automobile marque owned by the Chinese automaker Geely. It was launched in August 2009.
FERRARI
an Italian sports car manufacturer. Throughout its history, the company has been noted for its continued participation in racing
FIAT
the largest automobile manufacturer in Italy. Historically successful in citycars and supermini sector, currently they have a range of models focused on those two segments
FORD
an American multinational automaker. The second-largest U.S.-based automaker (preceded by General Motors) and the fifth-largest in the world 
FORNASARI
an Italian car manufacturer that makes sports cars and SUVs
HOMMELL
a French Automobile manufacturer that makes sports cars
HONDA
a Japanese public multinational corporation primarily known as a manufacturer of automobiles, motorcycles and power equipment.
IMPERIA
a Belgian automotive factory. The brand name was revived in 2009 to market a hybrid sports car based on research from the company Green Propulsion.
INFINITI
the luxury vehicle division of Japanese automaker Nissan.
INVICTA
a British automobile manufacturer. The brand has been available intermittently through successive decades. 
ISUZA
a Japanese commercial vehicles and diesel engine manufacturing company headquartered in Tokyo. Its principal activity is the production, marketing and sale of commercial vehicles and diesel engines. 
JAGUAR
a British multinational car manufacturer headquartered in Whitley, Coventry, England, owned by the Indian company Tata Motors
JEEP
a brand of American automobiles that is arguably making the oldest four-wheel drive mass-production vehicles now known as SUVs.
KAIPAN
a small Czech vehicle manufacturer in Smržovka focused on producing roadsters.
LAMBORGHINI
an Italian brand and manufacturer of luxury sports cars and, formerly, SUVs
LANCIA
an Italian automobile manufacturer founded in 1906. The company has a strong rally heritage and is noted for using letters of the Greek alphabet for its model names.
LAND ROVER
a car brand that specialises in four-wheel-drive vehicles
LEXUS
Japan's largest-selling make of premium cars, and has ranked among the ten largest Japanese global brands in market value.
LINCOLN
a division of the U.S.-based Ford Motor Company that sells luxury vehicles
SUZUKI
a Japanese multinational corporation which specializes in manufacturing automobiles, four-wheel drive vehicles, motorcycles, all-terrain vehicles (ATVs), outboard marine engines, wheelchairs and a variety of other small internal combustion engines.
MASERATI
an Italian luxury vehicle manufacturer. The brand's mission statement is to "Build ultra-luxury performance automobiles with timeless Italian style, accommodating bespoke interiors, and effortless, signature sounding power"
MASTRETTA
a Mexican car maker
MAZDA
a Japanese automaker  In 2011, they were the fifteenth biggest automaker by production worldwide.
MERCEDES-BENZ
a global automobile manufacturer and a division of the German company Daimler AG. The brand is known for luxury vehicles, buses, coaches, and trucks.
MERCURY
an American-market division of automobile manufacturer Ford Motor Company. Marketed primarily as an entry-level premium brand.
NISSAN
a Japanese multinational automobile manufacturer that sells cars with  in-house performance tuning products labelled Nismo.
PAGANI
an Italian manufacturer of sports cars and carbon fibre.
PANHARD
a French manufacturer of light tactical and military vehicles.
PEUGEOT
a French cars brand that had an impressive history in motor sport for more than a century
PONTIAC
a brand of automobiles manufactured and sold by General Motors (GM) that was advertised as the performance division of General Motors for many years, while specializing in mainstream vehicles.
PORSCHE
a German automobile manufacturer specializing in high-performance sports cars, SUVs and sedans.
PROTON
a Malaysian car manufacturer. Largely a manufacturer of badge engineered vehicles
ROLLS-ROYCE
manufactures and distributes luxury automobiles and automobile parts worldwide
SAAB
a currently inactive manufacturer of automobiles that was founded in Sweden in 1945 when its parent company began a project to design a small automobile.
SCION
Designed as an extension of Toyota's efforts to appeal towards younger customers, the brand primarily featured sports compact vehicles 
SSANGYONG
the fourth largest South Korea-based automobile manufacturer.
SUBARU
Thier cars are known for the use of a boxer engine layout in most vehicles above 1500 cc. Most models have used the Symmetrical All Wheel Drive drive-train layout since 1972.
TESLA
an American automotive and energy storage company that designs, manufactures, and sells electric cars, electric vehicle powertrain components, and battery products.
TOYOTA
a Japanese automotive manufacturer, the world's first automobile manufacturer to produce more than 10 million vehicles per year
ULTIMA
a sports car manufacturer that specializes in supercars
VENTURI
a French-founded Monegasque-based multinational automotive manufacturer that designs, manufactures, and sells luxury electric vehicles.
VOLKSWAGEN
a German car manufacturer that has the most cars of any automobile manufacturer in the list that are still being manufactured, which includes model names that span multiple revisions and generations.
VOLVO
a Swedish premium automobile manufacturer that manufactures and markets sport utility vehicles, station wagons, sedans, compact executive sedans, and coupes.
WESTFIELD
manufacturers of both factory built and kit versions of several two-seater, open top sportscars. Their main product line is a Lotus Seven inspired car