RITA ORA
British singer and actress. Her debut studio album, Ora, released in 2012, debuted at number one in the United Kingdom.
JUSTIN BIEBER
Canadian singer and songwriter. After a talent manager discovered him through his YouTube videos covering songs in 2007 and signed to RBMG, Bieber released his debut EP, My World, in late 2009.
ROB KARDASHIAN
American television personality and businessman. He is best known for featuring on Keeping Up with the Kardashians.
ZAYN MALIK
English singer and songwriter. In 2010, auditioned as a solo artist for the British reality television music competition The X Factor.
KANYE WEST
American hip hop recording artist, songwriter, record producer, fashion designer, and entrepreneur.
KENDALL JENNER
American fashion model and television personality. First came to public attention for appearing in the E! reality television show Keeping Up with the Kardashians.
KHLOE KARDASHIAN
American entrepreneur and television personality. Since 2007, she and her family have starred in the reality television series Keeping Up with the Kardashians.
MICHAEL JACKSON
Michael Joseph Jackson was an American singer, songwriter, record producer, dancer, and actor. Called the King of Pop.
TYRA BANKS
American model, television personality, talk show host, producer, author, actress, singer and business woman.
JAMIE-LYNN SIGLER
American actress and singer. She is known for her role as Meadow Soprano on the HBO series The Sopranos.
ELLIE GOULDING
English singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. Her career began when she met record producers Starsmith and Frankmusik, and she was later spotted by Jamie Lillywhite, who later became her manager and A&R.
JAMIE FOXX
Eric Marlon Bishop, known professionally by this stage name, is an American actor, singer, songwriter and comedian.
OPRAH WINFREY
American media proprietor, talk show host, actress, producer, and philanthropist.
EMILY BLUNT
English actress. She made her professional debut alongside Judi Dench in The Royal Family, for which she was named Best Newcomer by Evening Standard.
CARA DELEVINGNE
English fashion model and actress. She signed with Storm Model Management after leaving school in 2009.
KYLIE JENNER
American reality television personality, socialite and model. Born and raised in Los Angeles, California, she is best known for appearing on the E! reality television series Keeping Up with the Kardashians.
KATE HUDSON
American actress. She rose to prominence in 2000 for playing Penny Lane in Almost Famous, for which she won a Golden Globe and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress
LOUIS TOMLINSON
English pop singer and songwriter, and actor, known as a member of the boy band One Direction. Began his career as an actor, initially appearing in ITV drama Fat Friends as an extra.
SOFIA VERGARA
Colombian-born American actress, comedian, producer, television host, model and businesswoman.
BEHATI PRINSLOO
Namibian model. In 2008, she became the face of the Victoria's Secret sub-brand Pink and moved on to become a Victoria's Secret Angel in 2009.
JENNIFER GARNER
American actress and film producer. She made her film debut in the comedy Dude, Where's My Car.
MARIAH CAREY
American singer, songwriter, record producer, and actress. She rose to prominence after the release of the first single taken from her eponymous debut album in 1990, "Vision of Love".
SALMA HAYEK
Mexican-American film actress, producer and former model. She began her career in Mexico starring in the telenovela Teresa and starred in the film El Callejón de los Milagros for which she was nominated for an Ariel Award.
CHLOE GRACE MORETZ
American actress and model. She began her acting career in 2004 at the age of seven, and her first award nomination came the following year for The Amityville Horror.
KRISTIN CAVALLARI
American television personality, fashion designer, and actress. Born in Denver, Colorado, she attended Laguna Beach High School as a teenager.
SNOOKI
Chilean-American reality television personality and dancer who is best known for being a cast member of the MTV reality show Jersey Shore.
EMINEM
Marshall Bruce Mathers III is an American rapper, songwriter, record producer, and actor from Detroit, Michigan.
TORI SPELLING
American actress, television personality and author. Her first major role was Donna Martin on Beverly Hills, 90210 in 1990, produced by her father.
JENNIFER LOPEZ
also known as J. Lo, is an American singer, actress, dancer, fashion designer, author and producer.
CHRIS MARTIN
English singer, songwriter and musician. He is known as the lead vocalist, pianist and co-founder of the British rock band Coldplay.
SELENA GOMEZ
American singer and actress. She was first featured on the children's series Barney & Friends in the early 2000s.
CAT DEELEY
English television presenter, actress, singer and model. From 1998 to 2002 she hosted the children's programme SMTV Live and its spin-off chart show CD:UK. In 2001 she won a children's BAFTA.
PENELOPE CRUZ
Spanish actress and model. Signed by an agent at age 15, she made her acting debut at 16 on television
JOHN KRASINSKI
American actor, director, producer and screenwriter. He is known for his role as Jim Halpert on the NBC sitcom The Office.
RUMER WILLIS
American actress and singer. She is the oldest daughter of actors Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, stepdaughter of model Emma Heming and former stepdaughter of actor Ashton Kutcher.
STEVEN TYLER
American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and former television music competition judge, best known as the lead singer of the Boston-based rock band Aerosmith.
JAMES PACKER
Australian businessman, investor, and philanthropist. Packer is the son of the late media mogul Kerry Packer and grandson of Sir Frank Packer.
AVRIL LAVIGNE
Canadian singer-songwriter and actress. She was born in Belleville, Ontario, and spent most of her youth in the town of Greater Napanee.
RYAN CABRERA
American singer-songwriter and musician. He was lead singer for the Dallas band Rubix Groove before pursuing a solo career.
KIM KARDASHIAN
American reality television personality, actress, socialite, businesswoman and model.
LIAM HEMSWORTH
Australian actor. He played the role of Josh Taylor in the soap opera Neighbours and as Marcus on the children's television series The Elephant Princess.
TYGA
Micheal Ray Stevenson is an American rapper from Gardena, California. In 2011, signed a recording contract with Young Money Entertainment, Cash Money Records and Republic Records.
DENISE RICHARDS
American actress and a former fashion model. She has appeared in numerous films, including Starship Troopers, Wild Things, Drop Dead Gorgeous, The World Is Not Enough as a Bond girl, and in Valentine.
MILEY CYRUS
American singer, songwriter, and actress. Born and raised in Franklin, Tennessee, she held minor roles in the television series Doc and the film Big Fish in her childhood.
CHRIS ROCK
American actor, comedian, voice artist, director, writer, and producer.
SCOTT DISICK
Reality TV personality, model, and businessman.
GIGI HADID
American fashion model and television personality. She was named one of the 12 rookies in Sports Illustrated's annual swimsuit issue in 2014. 
HARRY STYLES
English singer and songwriter, known as a member of the boy band One Direction. He made his debut as a singer with his band White Eskimo, who performed locally in Holmes Chapel, Cheshire
MONICA BELLUCCI
Italian actress and fashion model. Bellucci began her career as a model and made a transition to Italian films.
GWYNETH PALTROW
American actress, singer, and food writer. She gained early notice for her work in films such as the thriller Seven and the period drama Emma.
CHARLIE SHEEN
American actor. Rose to fame after a series of successful films such as Platoon, Wall Street, and Young Guns.
SPIKE LEE
American film director, producer, writer, and actor. His production company, 40 Acres and a Mule Filmworks, has produced over 35 films since 1983.
JADA PINKETT SMITH
American actress, singer-songwriter, and businesswoman. She began her career in 1990, when she made a guest appearance in the short-lived sitcom True Colors.
NICK CANNON
American rapper, actor, comedian, entrepreneur, record producer, radio and television personality.
PIXIE LOTT
English singer, songwriter and actress. Her debut single, "Mama Do", was released in June 2009 and went straight to number one in the UK Singles Chart.
KRISTEN STEWART
American actress. Born into a film-oriented family, began her acting career in 1999 with uncredited roles and a minor character appearance in several films.
KRIS JENNER
American television personality who rose to fame for starring in the reality television series Keeping Up with the Kardashians together with her family.
STEPHANIE PRATT
American television personality. In 2007, she came to prominence after being cast in a supporting position in the reality television series The Hills.
MIRANDA KERR
Australian model. Kerr rose to prominence in 2007 as one of the Victoria's Secret Angels.
EMMA WATSON
British actress, model, and activist. Born in Paris and brought up in Oxfordshire, Watson attended the Dragon School as a child and trained as an actress at the Oxford branch of Stagecoach Theatre Arts.
MICHELLE WILLIAMS
American actress. She began her career with television guest appearances, and made her feature film debut in Lassie, which earned her a Youth in Film nomination.
OLIVIA MUNN
American actress, model, television personality, and author. 
LEONARDO DICAPRIO
American actor and film producer. 
DIANNA AGRON
American actress, singer, dancer, and music video director.
WINSTON MARSHALL
British musician, best known as the banjoist in the Grammy Award winning British folk rock band Mumford & Sons. On Mumford and Sons's third album, Wilder Mind, Marshall is credited as 'WN5TN'. 
RIHANNA
Barbadian singer and songwriter. Born in Saint Michael and raised in Bridgetown, she first entered the music industry by recording demo tapes under the direction of record producer Evan Rogers in 2003.
JIONNI LAVALLE
Nicole Polizzi's husband
KOURTNEY KARDASHIAN
American reality television personality, actress, socialite, businesswoman and model.
WILL SMITH
American actor, comedian, producer, rapper, and songwriter. He has enjoyed success in television, film, and music. In April 2007, Newsweek called him "the most powerful actor in Hollywood".
AMBER ROSE
American model, actress, and fashion designer.
TAYLOR SWIFT
American singer-songwriter. Raised in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania, she moved to Nashville, Tennessee, at the age of 14 to pursue a career in country music.
GEORGE CLOONEY
American actor, filmmaker and activist. He has received three Golden Globe Awards for his work as an actor and two Academy Awards, one for acting and the other for producing.
JARED LETO
American actor, singer-songwriter, and director. After starting his career with television appearances in the early 1990s, Leto achieved recognition for his role as Jordan Catalano on the television series My So-Called Life
WILL ARNETT
Canadian actor. He played George Oscar Bluth II in the Fox series Arrested Development and Devon Banks in the NBC series 30 Rock, for which he earned a combined five Emmy Award nominations
JENNIFER ANISTON
American actress, producer, and businesswoman. She is the daughter of actor John Aniston and actress Nancy Dow.
JASON STATHAM
English actor. He is known for his roles in the Guy Ritchie crime films Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Snatch, and Revolver.
JANUARY JONES
American actress and model. She is best known for playing Betty Draper in the television series Mad Men.
KRYSTEN RITTER
American actress, musician, and former model. Ritter is known for her roles as Jane Margolis on the AMC drama series Breaking Bad
MATT DAMON
American actor and filmmaker. Born and raised in Cambridge, Massachusetts
JESSICA ALBA
American actress, model and businesswoman. She has won various awards for her acting, including the Choice Actress Teen Choice Award and Saturn Award for Best Actres
MARISA TOMEI
American actress. In a career spanning three decades, she had initial success in films as a young actress, followed by a series of unsuccessful films, then a resurgence with a series of critically acclaimed films