BIG-O NOTATION
Big O notation represents the worst-case scenario of an algorithm. Helps you to analyze the scalability and efficiency of algorithms.
ALGORITHMS
a procedure or formula for solving a problem. 
RECURSION
the repeated application of a recursive procedure or definition.
BIG DATA
describes data sets so large and complex that is impossible to manage with conventional data processing tools.
ARRAY
a data structure consisting of a collection of elements (values or variables), each identified by at least one array index or key.
TREE
a widely used abstract data type (ADT)—or data structure implementing this ADT—that simulates a hierarchical structure, with a root value and subtrees of children with a parent node, represented as a set of linked nodes.
STACK
an abstract data type that serves as a collection of elements, with two principal operations: push and pop
QUEUE
a particular kind of abstract data type or collection in which the entities in the collection are kept in order and the principal (or only) operations on the collection are the addition of entities to the rear terminal position
GRAPH
consists of a finite (and possibly mutable) set of vertices or nodes or points, together with a set of unordered pairs of these vertices
HASH TABLE
a data structure used to implement an associative array, a structure that can map keys to values.
LINKED LIST
a linear collection of data elements, called nodes pointing to the next node by means of a pointer.
HEAP
a specialized tree-based data structure that specifies a particular property
DYNAMIC PROGRAMMING
a method for solving a complex problem by breaking it down into a collection of simpler subproblems
PARALLELISM
allows 2 or more tasks to run at the same time, provided that the machine has multiprocessing capability.
DEADLOCK
a situation in which two or more competing actions are each waiting for the other to finish, and thus neither ever does.
NOSQL
Not SQL
ASSEMBLER
A program that converts symbolically-coded programs into object level, machine code.
BINARY
A file containing one or more strings of data bits which are not printable characters.
HEXADACIMAL
A base-16 number
BUFFER
A temporary memory for data, normally used to accommodate the difference in the rate at which two devices can handle data during a transfer.
CARRIAGE RETURN
The or key on your keyboard. On-line commands often must be followed by.
DEFG
Declarative Framework for GPUs
COMPILER
A program that translates human-readable programs into a form the computer understands.
ENCAPSULATION
Combining or defining a data structure of attributes and a group of associated functions and behaviors as a single object.
INHERITANCE
The ability of hierarchically-arranged objects to acquire attributes and behaviors of objects above them without duplicating the code.
INSTANTIATION
The act of creating an instance of a class.
MACHINE LANGUAGE
A programming language or instruction code that is immediately interpretable by the hardware of the machine concerned.
MAIN MEMORY
Usually the fastest storage device of a computer and the one from which instructions are executed.
MULTIPLEXER
A device that merges information from multiple input channels to a single output channel.
OBJECT-ORIENTED
Supports the concepts of objects, encapsulation, message passing, dynamic binding and inheritance.
OPERATING SYSTEM
software that controls the basic, low-level hardware operations, and file management. It is provides the link between the user and the hardware.
PARAMETER
A variable, or quantity that can assume any of a given set of values, of which there are two kinds: formal and actual.
POLYMORPHISM
A technique for generalizing a single behavior across many kinds of objects.
RELATIONAL DATABASE
An organization of data into tables with each column containing the values of a data element and each row representing a record.
SIMULATION
An imitation of the behavior of some existing or intended system, or some aspect of that behavior.
DIJKSTRA
an early theoretical pioneer in many research areas of computing science, including algorithm design, programming methodology, and software architecture.
DISTRIBUTED COMPUTING
a software system in which components located on networked computers communicate and coordinate their actions by passing messages
AUTOMATA THEORY
the study of abstract machines, as well as the computational problems that can be solved using them.
COMBINATORIAL OPTIMIZATION
a topic that consists of finding an optimal object from a finite set of objects
COMPUTATIONAL GEOMETRY
a branch of computer science devoted to the study of algorithms which can be stated in terms of geometry. 
DIGITAL LOGIC
Boolean algebra
